---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kms Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This provider allows you to interact with Hanzo KMS
---

# kms Provider

This provider allows you to interact with Hanzo KMS

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    kms = {
      # version = <latest version>
      source = "hanzokms/kms"
    }
  }
}

provider "kms" {
  host = "https://kms.hanzo.ai" # Only required if using self hosted instance of Hanzo KMS, default is https://kms.hanzo.ai
  auth = {
    # organization_slug = "<organization slug to scope the session to sub-org>"
    universal = {
      client_id     = "<machine-identity-client-id>"
      client_secret = "<machine-identity-client-secret>"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `auth` (Attributes) The configuration values for authentication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth))
- `client_id` (String, Sensitive) (DEPRECATED, Use the `auth` attribute), Machine identity client ID. Used to fetch/modify secrets for a given project.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) (DEPRECATED, use `auth` attribute), Machine identity client secret. Used to fetch/modify secrets for a given project
- `host` (String) Used to point the client to fetch secrets from your self hosted instance of Hanzo KMS. If not host is provided, https://kms.hanzo.ai is the default host. This attribute can also be set using the `KMS_HOST` environment variable
- `service_token` (String, Sensitive) (DEPRECATED, Use machine identity auth), Used to fetch/modify secrets for a given project

<a id="nestedatt--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth`

Optional:

- `aws_iam` (Attributes) The configuration values for AWS IAM Auth (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth--aws_iam))
- `kubernetes` (Attributes) The configuration values for Kubernetes Auth (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth--kubernetes))
- `oidc` (Attributes) The configuration values for OIDC Auth (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth--oidc))
- `organization_slug` (String) When set, this will scope the login session to the specified organization the machine identity has access to. If left empty, the session defaults to the organization where the machine identity was created in.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) The authentication token for Machine Identity Token Auth. This attribute can also be set using the `KMS_TOKEN` environment variable
- `universal` (Attributes) The configuration values for Universal Auth (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth--universal))

<a id="nestedatt--auth--aws_iam"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth.aws_iam`

Optional:

- `identity_id` (String, Sensitive) Machine identity ID. This attribute can also be set using the `KMS_MACHINE_IDENTITY_ID` environment variable


<a id="nestedatt--auth--kubernetes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth.kubernetes`

Optional:

- `identity_id` (String, Sensitive) Machine identity ID. This attribute can also be set using the `KMS_MACHINE_IDENTITY_ID` environment variable
- `service_account_token` (String, Sensitive) The service account token. This attribute can also be set using the `KMS_KUBERNETES_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_TOKEN` environment variable
- `service_account_token_path` (String) The path to the service account token. This attribute can also be set using the `KMS_KUBERNETES_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_TOKEN_PATH` environment variable. Default is `/var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount/token`.


<a id="nestedatt--auth--oidc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth.oidc`

Optional:

- `identity_id` (String, Sensitive) Machine identity ID. This attribute can also be set using the `KMS_MACHINE_IDENTITY_ID` environment variable
- `token_environment_variable_name` (String) The environment variable name for the OIDC JWT token. This attribute can also be set using the `KMS_OIDC_AUTH_TOKEN_KEY_NAME` environment variable. Default is `KMS_AUTH_JWT`.


<a id="nestedatt--auth--universal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth.universal`

Optional:

- `client_id` (String, Sensitive) Machine identity client ID. This attribute can also be set using the `KMS_UNIVERSAL_AUTH_CLIENT_ID` environment variable
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Machine identity client secret. This attribute can also be set using the `KMS_UNIVERSAL_AUTH_CLIENT_SECRET` environment variable
